I see,
Don't be too long, sit tight.
Sit down, now I have a regiment with 300,000 soldiers,
The forces we can spare are limited,
We also need to encourage other regions,
The maximum number of troops it can handle is 300,000.
Three hundred thousand, that's enough,
Three hundred thousand to two hundred thousand,
It's me again,
In what age are we still waiting for traditional war?
Don't be long, do you have any instructions?
You are so handsome now,
Give the order, the heavy general is the regimental order,
Three hundred thousand, fighting to the death,
Only half, the story,
I will give it to you,
Death, Zhushuai, did you say something wrong just now?
That's right, there's a fight to the death nearby,
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
The same goes for the soldiers behind me
Only defeat is allowed and no survivors are allowed
What kind of fight did he lose?
This is worse than nonsense
line command
I can't break up if I lose
And this is the ear nature
Why did you withdraw from the war, General?
You can even say that you want to go to Wuming
Now he is a handsome dog
what he said
It's a military order
Military orders are like mountains
And why don't we give the anti-military order? I don't dare
I don't even dare to me
The military commander ordered
from now on
The first stop in Qiubei
The first stop must be Hongda
Directly march into the wounded country
Ask as a foreign assistant
Leading the wounded country's army into battle
The first battle must be fought by me
Captured and defeated in battle
I will go back to Baili directly after paying my respects.
Add plum grass as a combatant
Don’t hurt anyone who worships the queen with plum blossoms and grass.
I don’t want any plum grass.
Don't talk about the second side
I'm waiting for an order but don't hand it over.